A teacher should always help
his or her student
to develop love for Jehovah.
That’s the best foundation to build on.
For me, it’s important that they see Jehovah
as a real Person.
In order to help them build
a good foundation, they need to know
that Jehovah gave us the Bible
so that we can receive his guidance
for the future and for eternity.
I’m so thankful for my Bible teacher.
She always helped me see
Jehovah’s point of view
on things from the Bible.
I’ll never stop thanking Jehovah
for what he’s done for me.
He drew me to the truth.
He gave me a teacher
that didn’t just teach me about the Bible,
but by his example, the brother taught me
how to really be one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
When I started studying,
my parents told me that they didn’t
consider me their daughter anymore.
During the study, my teacher helped
me see from the Bible that Jehovah had
a lot of really good things in store for me.
My environment was very hostile before.
My problem was
that my wife and I argued a lot,
and I had a bad temper.
The brother’s advice really helped us
to keep calm when we had problems.
When a person starts
getting to know Jehovah and they learn
and apply Bible truths in their lives,
the people who were their friends before
are going to disappear.
We need to give them
that friendship they’re losing.
We’ve had to make some sacrifices
for our students.
But when we think about the blessings,
we can barely remember the sacrifices.
I worked full-time,
but I had to adapt to the student’s needs,
not the other way around.
Sometimes I’d be up
at six o’clock in the morning
conducting a Bible study.
Sometimes things come up,
and you can’t make it.
But the study should still happen.
Another brother can study with them
if we’re not going to be there.
When someone starts studying,
it can feel like a lot.
The Bible itself has 66 books.
So for example, you can suggest
that the student start reading
a few verses every day
and then add a little more every week.
So that is how we see them progress.
You get to see them practice
what they’re learning
—really following the Bible’s counsel
in their lives.
We don’t just conduct a study,
see them progress, get baptized,
and then say, “OK, see you later.”
It doesn’t work like that.
They become part of our life.
He’s been my friend
since before I got baptized.
It’s been about 28 years now.
Years ago, my former student Abel
had a really difficult time.
His wife got sick.
Although we were far away
when we heard about it,
we kept in touch with him.
“Thank you, Livingston family,
“for calling Jessica during these hard times.
It’s very encouraging to us.”
“I know that you love us,
and we also love you very much.
“You are an example in true worship for us.
May Jehovah continue caring
for you and blessing you.”
I got baptized 34 years ago
and have been pioneering for 33 years.
My Bible teacher was Schera.
She was diagnosed with cancer.
When I got sick,
Jehovah used Mercedes to help me.
After all this time, since I helped
her learn the truth, now she comforts me.
It’s a father-son relationship.
At some point,
maybe this student will help me.
And we can say that ‘we are
good-for-nothing slaves,
and we have done
what we ought to have done.’
And they keep loving and serving Jehovah.
What’s better than that?